to Gaza now the spokesman Ashraf aludra
from the Palestinian Health Ministry in
Gaza is speaking and more than 70 with
various and multiple injuries these are
the only victims of the latest Massacre
perpetrated by the Israeli pleasance on
Alura horaa
building most of them were women and
children who were sitting unsuspected
unsuspecting sitting in the
schoolyard the missile the missiles H
the bodies as a result many were Torn to
Pieces collected their bones and
fleshes in plastic
bags the health Ministry suffered 150 of
their paramedics killed 27 ambulance
Vehicles totally destroyed including the
two ambulance Vehicles heading carrying
the Convoy of victims headed to to RAF
of
yesterday we reiterate that the Israeli
occupation
forces purposefully targeted
105 medical facilities 16 of which are
now out of service in addition to
32 Prime Care medical facilities either
for the lack and fuel or total
Destruction hospitals in Gaza Strip
are overpacked with patients victims of
critical and complex
conditions in addition to the morgs that
is overpacked with dead
bodies in addition to that we are losing
lives every minute simply because we
fail to
intervene or provide the due medical
attention as we speak the Israeli
occupation forces
continue to Target the the roads leading
to the South whereby we are not able to
transport those critically wounded
victims who require to be
transported you watching Al jazer that
was ashaa the spokesman for the
Palestinian Health Ministry in Gaza
giving an update on the medical
situation in there he was talking
initially about the uh attack on the AL
Alura School um he said many of the
those who had died were women and
children those who had been injured as
well were also women and children we
understand at least 12 of them um 12
people have been killed there he said
105 medical facilities had been hit 15
he said were out of commission hospitals
in the Gaza Strip he said were
overpacked uh the morgs were packed with
dead bodies he said we're going to bring
in tamut professor of public policy at
Doha Institute for Graduate Studies
who's been with us over the the last
hour um it's just a chilling reminder as
if we needed it just what the impact
that these Israeli air strikes are
having on the medical facilities but of
course that's going to have a KnockOn
effect in terms of the possibility of
the spread of disease simply because
there is no water and also of course if
these medical facilities simply can't
cope with the numbers of killed and
injured that they're seeing uh Rob well
I mean the the entire Health sector has
collapsed it it it it has collapsed I
mean we see uh hundreds of or even
thousands of people taking refuge in
hospitals they sleep in corridors inside
hospitals this is this is a total
dysfunctional Health sector I mean it
has collapsed as we talk now so the ones
who left their doctors their families
people uh they took they took risk to be
there it's their it's their values moral
system to stay and and help you know and
and it's but it's done it's de done and
what Israel is doing now it's it's uh
obviously it's um it's it's killing any
it's it's it's cutting off people people
from all basic Services people who are
still who left in Gaza now who haven't
moved South now will soon be left with
nothing no water no
electricity when I say electricity don't
get me wrong it's Israel has cut
electricity long time ago but there
still some of them rely on solar cells
to to charge their batteries their
phones it's it's so and if the if if
hospitals uh stop their operations
because of lack of fuel then that's it
they'll have to go south but again for
me it's what really astonishes me is
that again the the the the utter failure
of the International System mainly un
agencies you know to even intervene when
it comes to helping Palestinians
evacuate South if they have to evacuate
south I mean it's it's I mean how would
people do it in Gaza when they don't
feel safe when Israel has committed so
many crimes even on civilians fleeing to
the
South why other countries that have been
in Conflict had mechanisms to help
people uh leave from conflict rden areas
to Safe areas through humanitarian
corridors and when I say this I talk
about like large convoys of buses with
un flags with with with with guarantees
then people might say yes we are we we
can go south we feel safe to go south
now but with this even not in place the
minimum guarantees I mean the
International Community even has failed
Palestinians in their own dis internal
displacement to give to help them and
give them minim minimum protection and
guarantees to relocate safely South
that's also another Mass crime and
another failure from the International
Community it's a moral failure as well
for the International
Community um so I I I really I'm going
to stop here but it's it's it's uh it's
it's really overwhelming to see this and
and and it's it astonishes me what the
International Community H how it fail
Palestinians so many times even in their
own displacement that it cannot help
them to display to be displaced safely
under this this this
the Israeli attacks tamam thank you for
now you're welcome